Title: Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Stiffness but not pain so picked a shorter route than originally planned. Still slightly boggles that it's November but 
it's so mild I'm still in shorts and t-shirt. Traffic is busy along the roads so it's a pleasant relief to head down Rothwell 
greenway which is quiet. I drop off earlier than usual to run up through Robin Hood. It's still early so there isn't the
hustle and bustle of the school run and I get some stretches of fresh footpath tarmac (what a treat). I pass a sign to
Strawberry fields and the internal record player boots up.

## Tuesday

Third run in a row, so was hoping this would be the same level of irritation as yesterday or better. Sadly it was worse.
From early on I had discomfort and for almost the entirety of the run my headspace is focused on this niggle, is it getting 
worse, is it easing, will it go away, is it worse on the descent, etc. I keep it short and think this should have been
a rest day instead.

## Thursday

After Tuesday I decide to switch my schedule to runs every other day so went for a route that gave me plenty of potential
early exits if I had any issues.

Still not very chilly but grey and wet underfoot in places. Enjoyed the long stretch of Rothwell greenway often 
just to myself. Took the back woods way around the Cranmores and Raylands for a change which was lovely, lots of 
leaves underfoot and the full palette of autumn colours. The track runs right by the motorway however and I’m left 
wondering how wildlife manages with the constant noise. I snake through this wood, past some playing fields and a 
dog walker and zip across the road and down a track to some more woodland. It’s dead quiet here with plenty of space 
between the trees. I pop out and track the field back homeward.

## Friday

A rest day so off for a morning walk. It's grey and chillier than previous days but fancy stretching my legs away from 
the cars and head towards [Sissons Wood](https://www.woodlandtrust.org.uk/visiting-woods/woods/sissons-wood/). I take a
path I haven't gone down before and wander into grassland that runs up to the Wakefield railway line. It's dead quiet 
and can see the Dunningley viaduct and wander closer and try and have a look. I pass through what must have been an old 
bridge (only the sides remain) for the [Tingley to Beeston line](http://www.lostrailwayswestyorkshire.co.uk/Batley%20Beeston.htm)
and clamber up to try and get close to the viaduct but its very overgrown to think better of it.

## Sunday

How many wrong turns make a right? Picked a last minute route that circled Beacon Hill as I wanted to avoid an overly
muddy route. I made my first mistake early on taking a wrong turn up Beacon lane and had to double back. It's 
foggy out but still mild and I start to regret wearing my windproof top. I hit a flat-ish patch on Hillock lane and through 
holes in the hedge can see Parbold church settled in the fog, it looks splendid with its black stone spire. A peloton of five 
or so riders come past chatting away and we exchange "Mornings", we've got this stretch to ourselves and we know the 
descent coming up is a treat. I come downhill towards Lees Lane and track past a fenced off woodland with lots of 
Danger signs, eventually the danger reveals itself to be Dalton quarry and with this new-found knowledge I promptly 
startle a brace of partridges. Maybe there should be some danger signs for those about! I'm navigating this run poorly 
using Strava and get into a state where I lose the map it's suggested so have to briefly pause and work out a new route 
that seems reasonable. I track Lees Lane until it meets Stonehall lane and begin an excellent ascent that mixes the road
with some trails. Pleasantly, it isn't too muddy underfoot and fallen leaves give everything a crunch so I wind my way 
up the track past the farm where some cows looked puzzled as I zip past and bring myself back to Beacon lane. Now I'm 
in the home stretch and take in the wonders of the Beacon park before calling it a day.
