Title: 16th-22nd December Run notes
Tags: running

## Tuesday

I leave a bit later today and am treated to the most incredible sky. The sun hasn't yet risen but the sky is a dazzling
fire of red and yellow, stretching from the horizon across a blanket of cloud. I can't help but stop and take a photo
before trundling on to Tingley and Ardsley reservoir. Being later the roads are busier and I'm grateful for the peace
and solitude of the reservoir. I tear myself away from this little reserve of calm for the return leg, everything is 
super easy and flowing. This running thing feels really great at the moment.

## Thursday

A visit to Sissons wood beckons and I mix in sprint work with my visit. The wood has reached its winter state with lots 
of naked branches and a leaf-packed floor. I swear I hear a lamb bleating as I get deeper into the wood but can't see
any sign of one. At the usual clearing I see heavy machinery at work ahead by the old golf course, I nip my way around 
to investigate and find various busyness adding new gravel paths to the place. I feel slightly school boyish, as if I've 
stumbled into a construction site and missed the _keep out_ sign, and dart and dash on and off the paths to avoid people
and tractors. I make a final climb to the tallest point and have a quick look out to Morley before turning tail and trotting
back towards the wood. I see and hear no more of the mystery lamb and wonder if it was all in my head as I rejoin the path
homeward bound.

## Sunday

"Bad weather is coming" shouts the cyclist as I climb the hill out of Brigstock. I see the looming dark cloud blowing
in from the east and sigh internally as the sunshine starts to fade. Up to that points it had been cold and windy but I'd
largely enjoyed a sunshine filled run (sunglasses on). From here on out it got wetter with occasional sleet, it made for 
variety though over the undulating lanes. Eventually, I reach Grafton Underwood and stop briefly to take a photo of Poetry
post, it's [The Wind by Robert Louis Stevenson](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/A_Child%27s_Garden_of_Verses/The_Wind) which
feels particularly apt. The whole trip is 22k, and I'm back over half-marathon distance, the perfect place to reach just
as the year ends.
