Title: 2nd-8th December Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Walk off the weekend long run with a trip to the woods by Sharp Lane. It's my normal time out and about but feels
darker particularly on a cloudy day like this. I squelch my way through the woods and meet only one dog walker. The
motorway is busy and loud amongst the trees especially now all the leaves have fallen.

## Tuesday

I take liberties and go for a much longer run than usual whilst being in York. I take a route out past the racecourse
and down to Bishopthorpe, looping back via Sim Balk lane and A1036. It's on the chillier side but once everything gets going
I feel pretty fantastic. I mix it up with sections of faster pace and enjoy it a lot, this feels like improvement
on the past few months of just recovery. On the way out to Bishopthorpe plenty of cyclists whizz past although the road
arrangement isn't very appealing for them with narrow lanes and plenty of cars. Three school boys come past single file
with faces that show they're paying far too much attention to their own safety to just simply get to school.
In Bishopthorpe I dodge the hustle and bustle (and traffic jams) outside a primary school and come past the fabulous
gatehouse of [Bishopthorpe Garth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bishopthorpe_Garth).
The final stretch on A1036/Tadcaster Road is busy with people walking to York college but by the end it's flying past, 
Knavesmire looking resplendent in the morning sunshine. I could have run all day.

## Thursday

I come down back onto the footpath and spook a man and his dog. I'm as startled as they are, and he grabs his dog, I slow down
we exchange mumbled apologies and carry on. The night is receding but amongst the trees it's still dark so there was 
little chance we'd have seen each other given the usual fallen tree that blocks the path. The rest of Sissons wood is empty
or at least I meet no one else on the same trails as me. From the big clearing I follow the lower track that follows the train
line until the chance comes to climb up into the old golf course. The usual ploughed tracks have been turned into actual
gravel paths which is a pleasant surprise and I follow them all the way to the top perimeter. I retrace my steps most of 
the way back but take my favourite lower path before climbing back up to the main path. This is the first time I've 
done two one hour runs consecutively (rest day in between) for a number of weeks and everything feels good. Hopefully,
this the final stretch of the recovery trajectory.

## Sunday

Out the door earlyish to get the long run out of the way. Storm Darragh is still blowing but Leeds has only been minimally
affected. I aim for Woodlesford and Swillington way in the hope that eventually this run might reach [St Aidans](https://www.rspb.org.uk/days-out/reserves/st-aidans).
I follow the Greenway for some cover and cut over the Leeds road towards Woodlesford. A sign catches my eye and I am momentarily
struck by the subtly of English: wind and wind are spelt exactly the same but can sound completely different[^1].
Down past the church and Pottery lane with its delightful descent. I cross the navigation and the river and take a right
to Swillington Organic farm rather than carry all the way up the hill to Swillington proper. I'm not sure how far the road goes
but it turns into a mulchy, muddy track and my shoes rapidly lose any remaining whiteness. Various signs mark the way to
'This Green Moon event' and I grow concerned I'm walking towards some sort of cult gathering (later investigations show
it's just a [cute forest venue](https://www.thisgreenmoon.com/). On coming back over the river I pass a big group of runners, 
they seem spritely which is good because it looks like they're about to crack on to Swillington up the hill. Everything
about the return leg is uphill but windier and wetter it seems than the way out. That said it felt great and whilst
there was a brief moment at the start where I was concerned the niggle was emerging the sensation passed. This has felt
like a very solid week.

[^1]: I couldn't think of the word for this at the time but later learn its [homograph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homograph).