Title: Run notes

I came across [walknotes.com](https://walknotes.com), a twist on the usual weeknotes format that covers the writer's
walks during a week. I thought this was a great spin on a well known format and was tentatively inspired to try doing
something similar but for running. I can guarantee writing as good as [walknotes.com](https://walknotes.com) but here goes...

## Monday

The clocks have changed so the prospect of running in the dark has been stayed albeit briefly. It's not super chilly
so no need yet to wrap up, but I make the mistake of breaking my rule about taking sunglasses if you can see the sky.
I immediately pay for this as the run starts eastward and get the full whack of the rising sun in my face, some day
I'll take my own advice. Rothwell Greenway is feeling very autumnal now with a full palette of colours as you nip past
the dog walkers.

I don't notice any tightness in my shins until late on, which is good, progress from last week. I spend less time noticing/thinking
about my leg which also feels like an improvement and allows me to enjoy the run more. This whole episode has been weird
as there were parts of last week when I convinced myself I'd gone backwards but everything seems to have abated much quicker
and largely been improved with some focused stretching.

This is the second run in the new old shoes (New Balance Vongo V6), they feel like they always did, which is good. 
The slight downside is the new pair is white which isn't the best pair for this time of year but I'll live with it.

## Wednesday

A run by the office day and before I've even stepped out the door my train is cancelled. Thankfully, there's another one
I can catch 5 minutes later but this run might be a bit clock-watchey.

It's mild in York and running through Knavesmire feels quieter than normal (I later recall it's half-term so that explains it).
The final 2 kilometre stretch beside the river is sublime, its quiet, the wind is still, you can hear the river and the 
crunch of the leaves underfoot you think you could just run along here forever. Until you reach the road again and you're
back at the office.

## Thursday

Hallowe'en so I don my orange top. It's still mild enough for shorts and T-shirt but you can feel its about to change.
This should be an easy run mixing in some short bursts of speed, to mix it up and test out the leg. I do my first one
at the start of the Rothwell Greenway and get caught between two dog walkers which acts as a natural break on going too fast.
I encounter another dog walker as I cross the motorway via a tunnel and the off-lead dog excitedly starts to race as I pass.
This dramatic man versus dog contest to cut short by the calls of its owner who isn't in the mood for chasing us both!
The super short bursts feel great and don't seem to cause any problems and I don't feel anything in my leg at all for the
whole run.

## Sunday

Laced up for the first Sunday in a while where I get to do a long-ish run. Spend some time tinkering with a potential route 
I have in mind and decide to mix things up with some Adventure Run&#8482; sections along a footpath that runs parallel to the motorway. 
The whole section was nice and quiet except for the noise of the motorway. I had it largely to myself and came past some nice trees
and sections where saplings have been planted. I cross the motorway to Leeds Valley Park which contrary to my map is a park 
made up of warehouses rather than trees. However, it's quiet and there's a nice wide path that snakes through and gets me towards Rothwell. 
There's a small section of running on the road where I'm left wondering my forever question of why do we not have footpaths 
on both sides of some A roads. I go past [Rothwell Jawbone](https://www.yorkshireeveningpost.co.uk/retro/rothwell-whalebone-arch-the-fascinating-story-of-how-this-maritime-monument-became-a-symbol-for-leeds-town-4736229)
and enjoy the smells of morning bakes from Wood Lane bakery. The streets are very quiet and I rarely meet anyone for a long stretch. 
I turn right after the monkey puzzle tree and sail down the hill winding my way down Marsh street racing some mobility scooters to Blackburn hall. 
A bit further and I’m in rhubarb country but no rhubarb to be seen. Up past the Robin Hood post office a whiff of coffee 
from the [Sorting Office Coffee House](https://www.instagram.com/thesortingofficecoffeehouse/) and over the motorway again.
