Title: 18th-24th November Run notes

## Monday

Cold. It's frosty but the pavements are passable. It's bright and the sky is clear blue criss-crossed with vapour trails.
The roads feel busier than usual and I nip along a quiet greenway, has the cold put everyone off? Suddenly, like vapour trails
I cross paths with a runner here, a runner there, the cold isn't putting everyone off I guess. Back up the hill to Middleton
and through the streets is the smell of idling engines as people warm their cars, the air peppered with the yaps of dogs and
cries of protesting children who don't want to be dragged into the cold.

## Wednesday 

The train is late and it's cold. I start off in town bobbing and weaving through commuters and school kids. I reach 
Knavesmire and sunglasses save me from a bright winter sun coming over the fields and racecourse. The grass softly crunches as 
I patter back onto the riverside path and the ding of a bell tells me I'm slowing down a cyclist. I make my way back to the 
centre and a pair of cargo bikes go by, kids chatting in the front and mums from the saddle. Good active travel vibes to
start the day.

## Thursday 

A morning for a wintry walk in the wood. What’s left of the snow is now twice frozen and less like snow more like meringue. I reach
the start of the wood but cut down and into the field fancying my chances of reaching the Dunningley viaduct. I spend a 
couple of minutes scrambling along the raised side of the old railway line but once again come to a dead end. I work my 
way back and wander along the field looking over to Morley, trains going past occasionally. I come back through the wood
and theres a perfect stillness to it all. The sun starts to welcome in the morning and golden beams flicker through the trees. 

## Friday

Frost on frost this morning so I'm all wrapped up, gloves on and off I go. There's minimal grit on the pavements so I spend
a lot of time dancing between the road and the pavements. Oh to be but a car. I head out 
towards Tingley for my longer route and put my sunglasses on to keep the wind chill out of my eyes. The sun has barely 
risen but the clouds are racing away to reveal the blue sky. I track down my first hill into Ardsley and crunch my way 
over thrice-frosted grass and leaves to avoid the path. Eventually I'm at Thorpe-on-the-hill and pass two schoolboys sliding
on the frosty pavement in their black school shoes. The sun is finally up and starting to make a different on the footpath but by 
now I'm almost round and back. I slip through to a track away from the road and bring myself back to the warmth. 

## Sunday

The mild, wet bleh has returned. Under grey clouds and rain I set off for a loop via Oulton. It's wet and there are large puddles
along the road which I dance around, drivers do a decent job of not splashing me.
I spend a climb up past a big warehouse trying to remember its name. It's something Tolkienesque, and eventually it reveals
itself as Iron Mountain, just down from the Royds Cat Hotel, the crossover no-one expected. I get onto Wakefield road
and I'm advised to approach a large JCB cutting back the hedge with caution. I avoid any serious injury and continue up 
past Oulton Academy meeting two runners as I go. I come round into Rothwell proper along Marsh street where it's all very
quiet. Coming up through Robin Hood the rain seems to start to ease but it really has been a filthy one. My once white
shoes say it all.
