Title: 25th November-1st December Run notes

## Monday

A walk to start the week and the last vestiges of Storm Burt whip about everywhere as I descend towards Dolphin Beck. 
I welcome the shelter of the trees from the cold wind on an otherwise fair day. The beck is fat from all the rain and water
gurgles along to the final drain.

## Tuesday

Another fair morning and not too frosty around York. I keep my gloves on and catch Knavesmire in the sunshine with mist rolling
over the fields. The river is very full and you can see the places where its spilled over onto the path, hopefully
the country can dry up a bit this week. It feels like all the runners and cyclists of York are out along the riverside this 
morning and their company adds a more frantic note to my little loop to start the day.

## Thursday

A cold and frosty morning but a beautiful clear sky. I feel my niggle for the first 10 minutes, but it's a day to do some
speed work and once I start it all goes away. I come through the Greenway and pass two women walking their bulldogs, as 
I go past the two bulldogs plant themselves on the floor, clearly objecting to the whole idea of a walk in the cold. There
collective protest causes us all to share a laugh as I trundle past and the owners give their leads an encouraging tug. 
I don't share the bulldogs despondency and the speed sections feel great, the tingle of a run without thinking about
my injury.

## Friday

Testing back-to-back run days. It's not as cold and the sky is a perfect winter red with a smattering of clouds. No despondent
bulldogs today and definitely a few more people out and about. I'm not totally satisfied with how the niggle feels but 
it's not a showstopper. I probably take it all a bit too fast for the sort of run it should be and realise a little late.
On the final section climbing back home I'm trying to take it easier when I should have done that earlier. Getting back to
back-to-backs is going to take a little work.

## Sunday

I sketch a new route for the long run and plot my way to [Skelton lake](https://discoverleeds.co.uk/things-to-see-and-do/outdoors/skelton-country-park/).
I suit up because its raining and within 20 minutes the rain has stopped and the sun has rolled in, but nevermind because
everything is feeling pretty great about this run. As I join the Rothwell Greenway two other runners and I converge on the
same gate with perfect timing and coordination, no one drops their pace and we seamlessly ease one after another in or out.
I continue down the Greenway and follow the signs through Rothwell until reaching the country park. Before the descent 
towards the canal I get a glimpse back to Leeds city centre all tall towers and chimneys. The canal is lovely and quiet
but for a swan and some dog walkers. I cross at Fishpond Lock and pass some water ladders between the canal and river Aire.
Eventually I find Skelton lake park but the bridleway is closed so spend a bit longer on the canal towpath before turning around.
I retrace my steps back through Rothwell and find the Greenway busier as people take advantage of the sun and the 
mild temperatures. The hill back up to Middleton is a slog and a faff with lots of cars parked on the pavement as 
people head to a nearby Sunday league game. The whole run was gorgeous and not even a whiff of the niggle!
