Title: 31st March-6th April Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

The clocks have gone forward so the sun sits higher than usual in the sky. It's discombobulating after many mornings of
running to the woods at the same time to have the sun in my eyes rather than still behind the trees. I feel like I've found
a new level for my easy efforts where I'm super relaxed and able to find a really comfortable running flow.

## Tuesday

Third day in a row so took a little bit of time to really get into it. It's not the feeling of "I don't want to run" more 
the feeling of needing more time to find the rhythm. It's a play-style workout today though so I get the fun of throwing 
in bursts of pace every 5 minutes or so. This is lots of fun and I get to range all over the woods over different terrains
with the trains racing past on the Wakefield line. By the end the sun is high, the sky is blue as far as the eye can see 
and I just want to go on.

## Thursday

It's a hill workout day, and I've said to myself to keep it consistent this time and avoid a late fade in pace. Like all 
good plans it didn't necessarily survive contact with the enemy. 2 minutes of tempo running uphill eight times is a real 
challenge and I particularly struggle finding the right pace to keep efforts consistent. Looking back the one positive
is I don't despair during the doing, I can grind out all eight of those things, at no point do I think about throwing in
the towel. However, I feel like I could have done better and head home in a mopey sort of headspace that isn't too sure
I've got any better at these hills.

## Friday

The progress question from yesterday sticks in my head as I lace up and roll out the door. I combine a trip to Sissons
wood with a visit to Middleton Park for some route variation. I have an inner battle about whether I should really care
about more elevation for the sake of it (as I've done in previous weeks) and come down on not really chasing it anymore
than the route. With my head so wrapped up thinking about progress or improvements I check myself for looking at my watch
heart rate too much. _You're supposed to run on feel!_ I stop checking it frequently and just try and find the relaxed
headspace I'm used to, try and enjoy the run and where I am which mostly works.

## Sunday

Some days you're out and the sunshine is pouring down, the birds are in full song, and putting one foot in front of the 
other is just effortless. After a week where my headspace went a bit negative I really got the long run I needed. I'm
not chasing lots of climb this week so a regular long run Sunday beckoned. I plotted my route, exploring more of the 
[Leeds Country Way](https://www.leeds.gov.uk/parks-and-countryside/public-rights-of-way/the-leeds-country-way), in
particular a stretch from Thorpe Hall to the ruins of [Howley Hall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howley_Hall). I tested
out a new vest (Montane Gecko VP 5L) with two 500mL flasks which worked well, although initially with full bottles it felt
a little bouncy. Out on the trail though everything was fantastic. I didn't look at my watch except for navigation and 
was absorbed on feel. I felt really strong after a rest day and toyed with the idea of just going further than planned at
one point. I ran past a beautiful willow tree along Woodkirk beck and stood for a few moments at the top by the Howley Hall
ruins to take in the sunshine and the views. At one stage on the way out Emley Moor communication tower peeked through the
clouds like some far-off wizards tower floating in the sky. On the return leg approaching East Ardsley I felt so good I
dropped into some strides and my legs, finding they didn't mind the increased cadence, carried me all the way home in
the race-finishing second wind. It was real dreamy stuff, ending the week on a high of highs, reminding me that I run
because I love it and there's an adventure down every track and trail.
