Title: 16th-22nd June Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Everything is a bit tired after Sundays trip up to Ilkley moor so I promise myself the flattest and easiest of recovery 
runs. I'd rather rotate my shoes for this just to give my feet a break and the extra cushioning of my road shoes but
I still haven't located them after the move. I run the flattest, loveliest route along the river through Gallows Hill 
nature reserve before a quick detour around Knotford Lagoon where fisherman are already out for the morning catch.

## Thursday

It's a recovery week so one less session and minimal focus on speed work. Today is a steady state session with speed
work thrown in. I keep it flat and head along Bridle lane where I ran descending ladders last week, I'm going pretty quick
so end up along the whole stretch, through the sheep field and onto Farnley Park road which is busier than I'd like. 
The suns out and the morning is warm but all cylinders are firing well.

## Friday

A morning trek up to the Chevin for an easy run. I'm keen to get used to the short, sharp ascent up to the ridge and improve 
my climbing legs. I keep it to a hike for much of the steps up Jacobs ladder, trying to just keep going and not
let me heart rate rocket up. Once I reach the top I try to focus on getting back into a running cadence and having everything
go back to feeling normal. I glide my way down to the Chevin forest park and follow the trails around in a loop, taking
tracks I haven't been down yet and following old mountain biking trails. 

## Sunday

After some roasting days the temperatures have come down to be a little more manageable. I head off on a long one back along
the six dales trail, aiming to get a bit further than last time. There's a strong breeze today so I'm not overheating as
I start up towards Clifton, meeting two sheep along the footpath who can't quite work out how to get back into their field.
We engage in a slow uphill chase before eventually I manage to convince them to let me pass. I follow the trail
correctly this time and cross the right gates and drystone walls and join Dob Park road. Here I'm treated to a mighty descent,
which I know will be a slog on the return, continuing until I meet the River Washburn which I follow for a long stretch before turning 
around. I cross some tributaries running off the hills and splash my hands to feel the cool water, what a treat! 

I hit the long climb up Dob Park road on the way back and manage to run the whole way which feels pretty good. I enjoy 
the view back over to Otley and the Chevin as I come over towards Clifton and am freewheeling the descent all the 
way down into town after passing through Wharfemeadows park. This feels like a great run and I still have plenty of beans.

I mixed up my pack this week and used a Tailwind mix and a OTE hydration tab instead of my usual. Whilst the hydration
tab took a little getting used to (it was effervescent) I found the Tailwind mix much easier to drink and not leave me with
craving for water. I also managed to stick to my schedule of chews and bars which undoubtedly made a difference. I've still
got half a bag of SuperCarbs left to get through so won't immediately ditch it for Tailwind but definitely some fine tuning
required.
