Title: 20th-27th July Run notes
Tags: running

## Tuesday

A beautiful afternoon run through the Chevin Forest park. The legs feel good after a few days off after my big run at the 
weekend. I explore some different ways, testing the inclines for other sessions next week. I do some bursts of speed as I 
go and everything feels great. I make it through the woods pretty quickly and end up flying down East chevin road and have
to extend my loop through town to make up 5 miles. 

## Thursday

I'm out practicing the first 5 kilometres of the Six dales trail up to Clifton and doing my best trying to find what a 
slightly upper intensity effort feels like. It's quiet out this early and by the time I'm cutting through Newall I have the 
path mostly to myself. Once I'm through the stile and into the fields not even the cows seem to be about. Things slow on
the climb up but I manage to keep the intensity whilst reducing the pace all the way up. I get into and out of Clifton 
and make the turnaround. I fly my way back down, slowing down for the narrow, rooty section but negative split myself 
all the way down to the approximate finish line of Six dales trail race in Wharfemeadows park. 

## Friday

A clear Friday morning and I head out to the old Otley railway line for descending ladders. The flat, wooded track is 
perfectly just over a kilometre which allows me to focus on speed and cadence and not worry overly about tripping over.
I feel really good and focus on not starting to quick and gradually stepping up the effort as intervals decrease in duration.
I feel good enough for an extra one-minute burst at the end before taking a meandering cool down run all the way to the
bakery to get some bread for the day.

## Sunday

Unexpectedly plans come together for a weekend run. I didn't schedule one in as it's recovery week but happily get some
time and head out for two hours to Burley moor. It's warm with a good breeze and the journey out along the other side of 
Otley's old railway line is nice and easy. I've done this route once before when I headed to Rombalds moor but decide 
after crossing Moor road onto the start of Burley moor to take a different footpath that follows the road rather than
run up towards Occupation lane. Running along this stretch gives you a great view out over the Wharfe and is enjoyably
varied terrain with constant small climbs. I'm feeling really great and give out some high-fives to fellow runners along 
the trail. I eventually take the path up onto the moor past Lanshaw dam and fly all the way down the trail. I find
the technical-ish descent much more enjoyable than last time and careen back down onto the footpath to the railway line.
