Title: 14th-19th July Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Thresholds over a kilometre is the schedule for today and I find a good distance track nearby along the old railway line.
I start way too fast and being a fool, who's had two rest days and is full of beans don't really clock this until I've
given myself a sore hamstring. It's sore not exploded so I slow down and manage to finish the session at a slower more 
sensible pace. My hamstring feels tight for the rest of the day and now I'm concerned my week is in jeopardy.

## Tuesday

Hamstrings still tight but in a manageable sort of way so I continue with the plan for 50mins at endurance pace today. 
I explore more around the trail I was doing thresholds on and go further along to find Caley Hall farm and taking it
further still almost find myself at Old Pool bank. It's nice and pretty easy going through the fields and find my hamstring
is happy enough.

## Thursday

A rest day and some TLC for the hamstring means things are on the mend and I venture out for a 10k along the old railway
line heading towards Ilkley this time. The route is super flat so I'm able to plod along at a good pace. Crossing the road
at one point is a faff but manage it eventually and I take the path past the golf course and briefly cross Bradford road
before turning around. My splits mean I'm pretty confident I do sub-1h 10k especially as I need to end the run with 10mins
fast-ish. The turnaround is actually very quick and I end up having to add slightly more to the route to fill out the time.

## Friday

Hamstring continues to improve and for the 45 minutes easy along Bridle lane I barely feel it. Phew I think that could have
been alot worse. 

## Saturday

Another long time-on-feet run beckons and this time I need to watch out because we're forcast a storm! I head off early
to try and get as much running done before the rain and thunder is due. I'm out on the six dales trail again and the 
first 10 miles or so are very familiar after a number of trips along it. I'm trying to manage my effort better this week
as last time I was out I bonked around 20 miles and want to see if I can improve that. It's still quite warm and very
close and humid which aren't my favourite conditions but I feel pretty strong and am managing my nutrition well enough 
as I cross the road to Blubberhouses 10 miles in. The next track along the river Washburn is a particular favourite of mine
and I go up and over Thruscross reservoir before starting over the fields to Padside green. As I come down the hill through
grassy fields to Padside green I think to myself this will be less fun coming back up. It's got a steady shallow incline
but the long grass really makes every step just slightly more effort. Sure enough I'm soon heading back up and decide to
pair back pace and walk stretches just to avoid using too much energy. Once past the water tower it's descending all the
way back to the river Washburn path and I make it to Swinsty reservoir car park for a quick bottle refill. The rain has
started as I descended down from Thruscross but it isn't absolutely pelting it down so I keep my coat in my bag for now.
After sorting my bottles out I'm still feeling pretty good and get back into a jog along the rest of the reservoir. I'm a 
little unhappy with how high my heart rate is given my effort and keep trying to pare it back but to little avail, the brief
stop to top up my water though helps calm me down slightly. It's all runnable fare and I get past the place I bonked last 
time happily, I rejoin the track up to Dob park road and know I need to be careful with my energy levels here. I walk most 
of it until I get off the steepest section and back on the trail down to Crag farm. I'm still waiting for thunder and lightning
and the rain is largely easing to a drizzle so start to feel confident I'll complete the run rather than call it off. I
come up the kick of a hill around Crag plantation and down through the sheep fields to Clifton and now I bonk. I laugh to
myself about it because it happens at 40km just as I'm about to hit a nice downhill section back into town. I take my time
walk it off and eat, trying to get back to a job in places. I also start to get a hotspot on my heel which I immediately 
stop for and swap for a dry sock and add some lube. This seems to make a big difference as I don't end up getting a blister!
I manage to make it down from Clifton and navigate a very busy bridlepath gate under some trees where a whole herd of cows
has congregated. Finally, once in Newall the bonk abates and I get back to a rhythm I can maintain and get the home
straight kick all the way to the end.
