Title: 4th-10th August Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

The storm clouds were gathering and I set off for the first time in months in my waterproof jacket. The first 5k involved
a climb up through the Chevin Forest park and not a drop of rain. Finally, as I got onto Harrogate road the heaven's opened
and I was thankful for my waterproof. From here though things got more fun, I really enjoy running in the rain and up ahead
was a 3k descent down to Old Pool bank and finally back onto bridle paths. Once off the road things were slightly sketchy. 
It was difficult to always make out the trail through overgrown ferns, many of which were shoulder height and soaking. 
The sensation of cold water running down my legs to pool in my shoes was less cool. Eventually, with some help from my 
watch, I find the footpath I've been on before and cruise my way back. I briefly have to stop to walk after encountering
two large dogs not on their lead with their owner on the phone. I've had one too many close encounters with dogs in the last
year so decide to play it safe, drop to a walk and try and get the attention of the owner to limited avail until the young
great Dane gets a bit skittish and they see me. I'm immediately told they're puppy's and no bother but I still past warily.
I pick back up the pace and roll on to the finish.

## Tuesday

The storm is over and the sunshine is back. I keep it somewhat flatter today along the old Otley railway line and everything
is wet and windswept. Nettle bushes are all blown across the path and I slide in my road shoes on some of the muddier bits.
It's an effort that starts feeling a bit laboured but I gradually grow into it and with a flat known track can focus on 
my form and cadence to keep the intensity up.

## Thursday

I want one more focused effort up to Clifton which will be the first stretch of the Six Dales Trail race next week. I set
off pretty quick and am able to keep the effort up all the way up the hill. I wonder if for the actual race I'll go this hard
given I've got a lot of ground to cover it feel sensible to take it slightly easier to avoid burning out to quick. My
split to the top of the hill is the quickest I've ever done so I carry on a bit further till I reach Newall Carr Road 
and turn around. On the way down I meet a farmer herding their cows down the hill. It's quite a traffic jam and I note 
the presence of a very large bull slowly ambling down at the back. I slow to a walk and ask if I can overtake and am told
"I wouldn't if I were you". Looking at the bull I agree and decide to have another lap of the village before making the descent. 
I head back up, turn around at the same point and find the traffic jam is gone and speed my way all the way back into Otley.

## Friday

I make my way out to Weston today. Mostly along roads although I take a slight detour into East Wood. Things feel like
Tuesday, starting slightly laboured but growing into the run and I find I'm going at a fair pace. This session involves
thirty-second bursts and it's important to focus on getting my pace back to the right level to avoid overdoing it.

## Saturday

A vintage Northamptonshire run in the sun. After a morning of varied garden activities with the children I escaped for to
pace around the classic Grafton Underwood-Boughton House-Cranford route. I told myself that I'd keep this run to a 5 level
effort but found myself slightly swept up on the flat road and effort was more like a 6. With road running and on the flat
I found it far harder to dial back my effort level, I really just slotted into a cadence which I couldn't shift. This did
require a good level of focus but equally I reflected the whole effort was slightly more boring than a trail run. On the
turnaround I'd calculated I was heading to a one-hour twenty ten mile effort which is a pace I haven't run for a long while,
it also made me slightly concerned I'd struggle for a fast finish for the final ten minutes but as soon as I got into the
village I was able to give it some extra gas. In the end the effort started to look a little more like a threshold workout
than an upper level steady state but I was still pleased to be able to step it up for the final section.

And that's it, taper time. Race day is next Saturday so easy times this week before the Six Dales trail race 50km edition.
