Title: 3rd-9th March Run notes
Tags: running

## Tuesday

Super easy through Sissons wood. It takes me a while to get going but the early morning birdsong lifts the spirits and
by the time I'm round the corner to home I feel fresh for more.

## Thursday

With my next race being the Eyri 25K I need to build in hills to my routine. Today it's time for some hill repeats so I
visit Middleton Park for the first time in a while and run down the hill from the visitors centre. There's only a few people
about and a woodpecker, busy at work, sounds out through the trees. I start a little too fast but find a better pace for
the rest of my reps. I'm paying attention to how my knee feels as I was nervous that it wouldn't be up to it but I'm 
pleasantly surprised to find everything feels fine or as fine as things should feel after six goes up and down the hill.

## Friday

The woodpecker is still about as I chunter around the park for an easy run. It's rained overnight and everything feels 
fresh and lush. I go back up the hill from yesterday but much slower today trying to keep it feeling easy. 

## Sunday

It's a glorious morning for a half-marathon and things couldn't look better for the inaugural Kettering Half Marathon. 
I've managed to convince my brother to also run and we pace around the park for a bit as the crowds group and the 
announcer builds the vibes. Off from the get-go I feel great and the streets feel alive with no cars and crowds cheering
us on. We head into town and there's a live band in the market place and a chap crooning on Gold Street, Kettering has
gone big for us! We do a figure of eight before heading out on Montagu street and the Stamford road before taking a scenic
pass through the grounds of Boughton house. From here I'm on very familiar roads and we wind our way past big crowds in
Grafton Underwood and the crossroads towards Cranford. The weather is gorgeous and running along here without any cars 
is an enormous treat. We come through Cranford and get a boost from family on the roadside before the final push along
Cranford road and down Barton hill back to Wicksteed. On the final little climb to the park we meet my cousin and give 
him a little second wind before peeling away to cross the line. 

A fabulous course and inaugural event, the weather couldn't have been better and great support along the route. A massive
congratulations to the organisers and I look forward to taking part in future.
