Title: 19th-25th May Run notes
Tags: running

## Thursday

Post-race recovery feels like it's gone well and most of my aches and pains have abated. I've been looking forward to this
run but don't want to overdo it so just check all the systems by visiting Sissons wood. I keep it super easy and the morning
is very cool. 

## Friday

Another easy run, this time on a clear morning across the fields to Thorpe-on-the-hill. I route my way through New Forest
Woods for some extra variety and dance over the nettles (growing taller every week). I make it across to Thorpe in time 
to turn around and everything just feels great.

## Sunday

The wind picks up and blows across the field I'm running through. The tall shafts of grass wave back and forth in unison
like a painting. It's a nostalgic experience running through these fields and I enjoy the variation in the texture of 
the landscape compared to South Leeds and everywhere else I've run. I mostly know the route but occasionally take a wrong
turn and have to double back and find my way. It rains a little whilst I'm out but the ground is still massively parched,
big cracks split the ground underfoot. I pass through Twywell into Hills and Dales and the hosts of dog walkers making
the most of the sunny spots. I do some strides in the quieter stretches of the wood and enjoy reminding myself what it 
feels like to turn up the pace. On the final stretch back into the village I find a herd of cows and sheep obstructing
my way along the bridlepath. Age-old memories of warnings about cows with their calves bubbled to the forefront of my 
mind and I engage in a rather elaborate meander across the field to keep me furthest from the cows.
As I successfully sneak past the bulk of them two walkers march past through the herd, with not a single heifer batting 
an eye!
