Title: 28th July-3rd August Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Off to the Chevin forest park to test a new spot for 12 by 1 minutes hill sprints. This entails a climb up East Chevin 
road to get to the forest park so I'm banking some climbing early. The sprints themselves are a matter of two halves, the
first six are reasonably strong (maybe too strong) and I get used to the stretch of track that climbs up towards the Ebor 
way. The next six are harder and I can feel yesterday's run in my legs, I try to keep efforts consistent but know that
overall I've slowed down towards the end. Still it's good to practice working hard on tired legs if just to know what it 
feels like. 

## Tuesday

Easy day. I keep it flat today with an explore along the Ilkley road. I find a marked bridlepath all overgrown so end up
running along more of the road than I intended but eventually come off for a footpath close to the river on Burley Holme.
It's lovely and flat and the river is running gently alongside making for a tranquil scene.

## Thursday

I decide to take my easy run all the way up to the Chevin ridge. Not strictly the easiest run I could do but a good 
opportunity to see how easy I can take it going up East Chevin Road and then continuing up to the ridgeline. The first 
mile or so I'm able to keep my heart rate at the top of Z2 and whilst it rises a bit further for the final bits of climbing
I'm happy that it felt easy. The view from the top is fantastic and I carry on along the ridge looking to find a path to
descend on the west side of the Chevin, an area I know less well. I manage to fall on my face as I pass a dog walker, which
leaves me scuffed and a little embarrassed. I find my way down into Wilson's plantation and I find myself within a canopy
of trees with lots of space between their trunks. The incline is reasonably gentle and with their high branches the space feels
enormous. I carry on further and the descent gets steeper, I briefly curse choosing my road shoes today as I slip and slide
in places before popping out towards the bottom of West Chevin road. I patter home feeling great albeit a little scuffed
and grateful I have the Chevin so close.

## Friday

I set off with Friday weariness in the legs but find things are stronger than they initially feel. It's cool out and the 
streets feel quiet as I pass my wall through Newall and up through the fields towards Clifton. Past the farms I turn left
onto the Welcome Way and cruise through the long grass past farms towards Askwith. On the return leg I pass back through
a field of cows and sheep and am briefly chased by some startled calves. It's a new experience and I'm comfortable enough
to turn up the pace and scarper away. Out of trouble I get back into Clifton and get to enjoy a flowing descent all the
way back into Otley. 

## Saturday

I climb West Chevin road just over the A660 and my watch buzzes. Ten minutes left, time for that fast finish. I'm two hours
into a sunny trip back to Burley Moor and my run in from Burley-and-Wharfedale has been strong along the old railway line.
I still know I've got a gear to go up into and so raise my cadence along Birdcage walk and find my finishing pace. 
I'd gone back to the Moor after last weeks visit and explored the south dirt track around Carr Bottom reservoir before 
joining Occupation lane. That took me back up onto a familiar, stoney track which I took all the way to [Twelve Apostles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twelve_Apostles,_West_Yorkshire),
who I circle giving each rock a venerable tap and follow the track back whence I'd come. I split from my old path
and took the Millenium way descent back to Burley Woodhead and told myself next time I should come up this way as it certainly
feels challenging to descend. 
The moor is a remarkable place to run and I have to count myself lucky that it is just so close and accessible. I also appreciate
it's relatively straightforward visiting in the summer but still like to take some emergency bits and pieces incase I get into 
trouble. For now though it makes for an enjoyable counterpoint to the Six dales trail but a taper beckons so I won't be 
back for a few weeks.