Title: 28th April-4th May Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Still tired from Sundays slog so skip a run and walk instead. I enjoy a midday stroll amongst the bluebells in 
New Forest Wood, sunshine abounds.

## Tuesday

An unexpected day not at work and an unexpected late afternoon run. I feel recovered and more inclined to run today
and manage to get out at the hottest point of the day (feels like 21°C). I just soak it all up as I take it super easy
to Sissons wood. It's a really glorious moment to be out and taking it slows lets me take it all in.

## Wednesday

Another hot day is due, but it's a hill repeats day, so I run in the morning whilst it's cool. The session is 8 reps of 
2 minutes uphill which I flunked on the previous attempt. Today I intend to apply all I've learned with the 3-minute repeats
to try and crack this session. I take the first two dialled back to get the feel of two minutes, what feels on the easy side,
and from there I've got a base to crank it up for my remaining reps. I'm able to keep it consistent until rep 5 where I'm a little
slow but have enough for a strong final rep. This feels like a much better session than previous attempts and I think 
I probably could have given a bit more across the whole session. 

## Friday

More lunchtime sunshine and a steady session out following the Leeds Country Way to Swithen's Farm and back. Clouds of 
flies are everywhere and I'm swatting my way along sections of trail. I'm careful not to trip over brambles this 
time and make it comfortably up the hill to the farm. On the return leg I feel I've got plenty left in the tank and do
some strides to see what pace I've got in the next gear. These feel good although my heart rate is sticking higher and 
in the end the session looks harder than it felt.

## Sunday

After a hot week there's a cold wind blowing in time for my long run. I'm starting to taper for Eryri 25K in two weeks
and today's long run is scheduled for 2 hours but I'm tempted to chase the kilometres especially if I'm close to a round number.
I wind my way along the Leeds Country way out from Thorpe Manor farm towards West Ardsley. It's easy going along this 
undulating stretch that largely feels like you're heading downhill. The brambles and nettles are bursting out along the 
more overgrown sections and I awkwardly hop about trying to avoid scratches and stings. I make it to Old Hey Beck Lane
before I turn around and find more dog walkers about this morning than usual. I continue to avoid scratches, stings and
dog bites (aided by considerate owners) and retrace my steps home.
I realise mid-run that I've missed the opportunity to test some nutrition variations, in particular not using bars and
focussing on chews (which are easier to consume). I do test out the OTE Supercarbs Orange flavour which I really like 
and given that my energy levels remained high throughout I'm happy to get some more. One chance left for any final tweaks 
to nutrition next week, but I largely think my race plans are mostly sorted.
