Title: 30th June-6th July Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

The heat is back and it's a toasty 25 degrees when I step out for a super gentle lunch run. I'm keeping it easy after a
long effort on Sunday and my aversion to the hot. I head down to the river and cruise along Bridle lane, the coolness
of the water and cover of the trees are refreshing. Even after yesterday's big effort everything feels great and I'm 
surprised by it.

## Tuesday

The heat has abated and a morning run in the cool is most welcome. I head up East Chevin road towards the forest park
and keep it easy all the way up, I manage it without a big heart rate spike but still running. I feel great as I 
head into the forest, exploring more of the trails and testing out some of the climbs. I head deeper into the Deer park
before cutting back on the path back towards East Chevin road. The long descent is a breeze and I come through town before
finishing with the feeling that this was a great run after 3 days on the trot.

## Thursday

Hills that pay the bills day. First session of 5 repeats of 3 minutes since the move and I pick the steady climb up Miller
Lane to give this a go. To get there requires the initial climb up East Chevin road so I take the time to bring my heart 
rate down before getting into the reps. The track is stoney with plenty of loose rock so each rep requires more focus than
the track I used to use in Middleton park. I'm often weaving around to find the least loose section of path which helps me
stay focused but also not over do it. I gradually build the reps up effort wise as things are a bit steeper and I need to
judge what I'm doing. It feels great to do hills again and I really like these sorts of long hill focus. By the last rep
I feel I've got enough for a strong push and am happy I've got a good spot for this and can do more work here in the future.

## Saturday

I hear a rustle to my right and look up to see two deer looking back. I've been walking for most of the last mile up the
last big hill on my route. I've had a bonk and my legs are tired after the last 20 miles or so. Walking is a good reset 
and I eat something and keep drinking. The sight of the deer is just another boost and reminds me why I love spending my
time outdoors like this. I get to the top and back off the road onto the trail itself and jog-walk my way back down to Crag
Farm. I still can't comfortably hold a jog so break it up with sections of walking before getting back into my stride. 
There's the final spike of a hill which I walk along the fence line of Crag Plantation and crest out over the top with 
a view back over to Otley which gives me another boost that I'm nearly home. By the time I hit Clifton things are more
comfortable and I'm able to run, the wind has picked up and makes the final descent into Newall fairly blustery. I find
the final pavement trot through town a lot better and am done, my first marathon accomplished.
Things had gone pretty well up until a bonk at around 20 miles. My pace out had been good (maybe too good in retrospect)
I was getting my nutrition in as planned and had made a mental note to collect more water on the way back as I went past
Swinsty reservoir. The stretch along the River Washburn up to Thruscross was beautiful and I felt like I had it entirely 
to myself. I climbed up to the top of the dam by Thruscross and went a bit further before turning round where the Six
Dales trail leaves the road again and heads towards Heyshaw moor. On my way back through Blubberhouses I tripped on a 
tree root and bang my elbow, right on the funny bone and get numbness and tingles in two of my fingers. This is actually
a pleasant distraction as my legs are starting to feel the miles. At Swinsty I take a minute and refill my water and fill
an extra flask with water too. I find I'm drinking a lot more on the second leg of this and don't want to have to knock
on a farm house to ask for a refill like last week. I come down the High Lane track past Nether Timble and it's here as 
I'm moving through the sheep fields and that things start to get tired and leggy. I decide to just embrace it, walk a bit
use it as a chance to eat and reset. I walk most of my way to Dobpark Bridge which signals the start of a last big mile 
of climbing which I continue at a walk. I get myself back running as I approach the farm and drop back to a walk for the 
steeper section back on the tarmac through Dobpark wood. And somewhere in here there's a rustle...
