Title: 2nd-8th June Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

Woke up feeling it from the previous week so had the easiest of easy runs down to Sissons wood. With the move this week
it may well be the last time so I soak it all in.

## Tuesday

Well not quite the last time, I'm back in Sissons wood for another easy run. This time feeling more recovered but still 
a bit tired. I can feel everything ticking over better than yesterday though and follow the newly laid path around the
old golf course before turning around before the descent to Stank Barn Hall. 

## Thursday

A little bit drizzly but I'm feeling fully recovered and ready for some threshold work. I spin laps around the plantation 
with 15 minutes of warm up before turning it up for mile repeats at threshold. I can't automate a custom mile lap on my watch
which is a little annoying so I largely go by watching my distance. This works reasonably well and gets better as I get a
feel for where the mile ends in the circuit. This would be a neat feature on the Suunto though and I'm sure is a feature 
in other watches (my previous Garmin would let me start a custom lap and would autolap from this new interval). The speed
miles are great and I get to fly down a long section of the footpath by the beck before a short, steepish climb back up 
to finish the mile. I feel like I judge these reasonably well and they come off pretty consistent.

## Sunday

All moved and with Sunday chores largely done I escape off for a long-ish run to explore. I follow the [Six Dales trail](https://ldwa.org.uk/ldp/members/show_path.php?path_name=Six+Dales+Trail)
until it reaches Dob Park road before turning around. The trail starts on the Leeds side of Otley bridge and quickly crosses
the Wharfe into Newall before climbing out towards Clifton through various cow and sheep fields. Crossing Newall Carr road
into another sheep field the footpath tracks along the side of the hill before climbing up and past a small wood and descending
sharply to Crag farm. Here you turn and climb some more before tracking the side of the hill until the path cuts back onto
Dob Park road. All of this is a pretty steady climb so the turnaround meant for nice long downhill sections where I could
pick up the pace. 

Everything felt good after a busy week and plenty of opportunities to explore further both along this trail and many others
around Otley.
