Title: 7th-13 July Run notes
Tags: running

## Monday

I get past the gate at the end of Bridle lane to hit my half way point and come upon a curious scene. The field is attended
by the usual flock of sheep but they have been visited by some Canada geese. Cross species relations aren't going well
however as three geese appear to be chasing a ewe and her lambs. I quickly turn tail slightly bemused, all par for
the course on an easy run.

## Tuesday

Hill strides in the sunshine on footpaths near the old disused railway line. The climb is reasonably short but steady
and I get two sets of six reps done with a brief break in the middle. I really love speed work so have a great time with
these, working to keep the intensity consistent across the whole work out. 

## Thursday

Up and downhill focus on the track along Miller lane up to the Chevin ridge. The clouds obscure the Chevin top as I climb
East Chevin road but I don't get much of an inversion along the track. I wait before starting the main section of the session
after climbing up and then power up the track for one minute and immediately power back down. I keep the gas slightly off
on the first rep to gauge everything but for the next five I try and really go for it. Coming back down gradually gets 
slower as I find I have to consider foot placement more carefully the more fatigued I get. The session feels good though
and I manage to keep each rep consistent and not overdo it so that the final descent back down East Chevin road doesn't have
me flagging too much.

## Friday

No chance for a long run this weekend so using all my time before work with a 2h plus effort along the Welcome Way. 
I plan the route around running a half-marathon distance, along a track I haven't really covered before with the intention
of trying to run negative splits. Negative splitting should be reasonably easy given there-and-back nature of the route 
means the second half is largely all downhill. The journey out is lovely but it's already warm and large sections of the route
have minimal shade. The Welcome Way track diverges from my previous treks at Clifton heading out west through fields and 
past several farms, winding it's way past Askwith and north towards Lippersley Pike. I don't get to the start of the moors
but feel pretty strong at the point I turn around. The temperatures are picking up however so I know the rest of the route
will be tougher. I get a really nice long, runnable stretch back towards Askwith and am able to sustain a good elevated
effort. Things slow down as I get back into the fields and the heat is much more sapping through bobbly fields and areas 
with long grass. The final stretch back up to Clifton is the last climb required and here I have to slow it down, switch 
out one of my flasks for some water and walk some stretches. I'm conscious I want to negative split so try and keep the walking
brief and focus on making sure everything is lined up for the final few kilometres down hill. From Clifton,
I know the path reasonably well and let the descent carry me back into town just in time to start the working day.

