Title: 27th January-2nd February Run notes
Tags: running

## Tuesday

Switch my watch to just show the time and run. It's far too easy to worry about your heart rate on an easy run, should
I be keeping it in zone 2, how long should I be in zone 3? To avoid the temptation of even looking I flick my watches 
settings and just try to dial into to how it feels. 

## Thursday

The day after my [conference](./2025-01-30-we-did-a-conference.md) so took the liberty to squeeze in a big city run.
I catch Tower Bridge before the sun comes up and it looks magisterial all lit up. I bob and weave my way along the Thames
almost overwhelmed by just how many people there are out and about. There's loads of runners, cyclists, people walking
hither and thither, cars and buses and noise. It's quite a contrast to Tuesday where I had the woods all to myself.

## Friday

A speed workout and for the first time a run with some glasses. Running in HD as someone described it and boy it was great.
I'm only slightly short-sighted so have almost entirely just run without glasses, but with some events coming up where 
navigation is key it feels important to make sure my eyes at 100%. For a speed workout in Sissons wood there's no real 
worry about getting lost but it gives everything a richer edge and I'm converted. Speeding around the trails is great fun
and puts my shoes through their paces as the ground is soft and wet. I avoid falling on my face but start to get a feel
for handling the drift that comes from moving fast over a muddy surface. Hopefully, that won't be needed for my next race.

## Sunday

A morning where you can start to feel spring is round the corner. The sun is up and there's a little chill on the air 
but being outside isn't as hostile as it felt a month ago. I need some more time on the trails but not as much as last 
week so wind my way onto the [Leeds Country Way](https://www.walkingenglishman.com/ldp/leedscountryway.html) by Batley. 
During a slight diversion around Hey Beck I come across three deer bounding through the woods, I have to stop squelching 
in the mud to marvel briefly before they're gone. I get myself back onto the path and wind my way to [Howley Hall ruins](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howley_Hall)
and a super view of Batley laid out before me. The hilltop is covered in gorse bushes and whilst the trail isn't overly
technical it requires some attention as I descend. Soon enough though it's time to turn around and work my way back and 
before I know it I'm off the trail and onto the roads.
