# Leaving RSE, don't stop believing in RSE

This week marks my final week as an RSE at the University of Leeds. It has been
a tremendous (just under) 4 years of work but now it's time to move on.

I'm joining Active Travel England as lead developer as part of their data and
digital team and hope to blog more about their work but this post I'm going to
dedicate to Research Computing at the University of Leeds.

I'll indulge a little and say back in 2014 when I started a PhD at the faculty
of biology, little did I know I'd be a research software engineer some 5 years
later. I started with little computer science knowledge but over my PhD came to
find R and Python as the right tools for automating analysis and visualisation.
And once starting down this path I found coding (and software) more interesting
and rewarding than my lab work, so moved over into data science and eventually
software engineering.

I felt lucky, frankly, to start as a research software engineer at Leeds in
2019. I had no computer science background, 1 year as a data scientist and
little in my portfolio on GitHub. But at Leeds we had a great team, a broad
remit and a flexibility to try things and learn from our mistakes. So I was
given the freedom to work with R and Python but also learn Linux at the command
line, learn how to make your code tick on a HPC and on a GPU. I was challenged
to teach what I knew and learn to teach what I didn't and got better, all the
more for it. I was given the space to grow, to learn about cloud technologies,
to learn about software engineering, to learn about research software and I am
better and grateful for it.

I'm really proud of projects we supported and the hundreds of students we've
taught over my time there. From providing HPC capacity to the COVID vaccine
effort, improving data pipelines in the institute for transport studies to
deploying research applications to the cloud, teaching R, Python and git and all
of the unsung work helping researchers get more research done by advising them
on using high performance computing better. Our team, whilst small, has kept
research ticking along on our high performance computing platforms and helped
drive innovative work through training. We've also worked to build a community
through events such as our TechTalk series and through the first ever research
computing conference. We've tried to punch above our weight and strive to enable
research through central IT and I know the team will continue to do so. 

We also weathered a once in a generation pandemic. Ensuring our HPC service
stayed live and available from off campus and adapted to how we'd deliver our
training and support from a purely remote setting. I can't say enough about how
important this was, we went from seeing each other every day in person, to every
day remotely. These are the people who puzzled through one of the most
discombobulating periods of my life with me, together and for that I will be
eternally grateful.  

Over my time I've seen how much of a difference research software engineering
can make to world class research. I have also seen the challenges faced to
better recognise and adopt research software engineering as a central provision
at Universities and worked to advocate for RSE during my time at Leeds. I will
continue to do this whole heartedly from the outside because I recognise the
importance and impact of RSE in making research world class.  

For me, my time as an RSE is coming to an end. But my belief in the importance
of RSE is only strengthened by my time working with and meeting other RSEs. I will
always give my adherent support to the research software engineering movement
(in all it forms) going forward and whilst I may not be in (for now) I will
always be ready to speak up for RSE in the future.  

To RSEs everywhere, your contribution is worthy and makes our research better.
To Research Computing at Leeds, thank you for everything (the good and the bad),
keep true to yourselves and keep making a difference.  
